❤️ උපසිරැසි ගැන්වුම Mflix විසින් ❤️
🔥 අලුත්ම Tv Series,Movies බලන්න Mflix එක්ක එකතු වෙන්න 🔥
CASTAWAY DIVA
Who is it?
Who--
Father.
It's me.
I'm Ki-ho.
Remember what you said before?
You wanted to spend just one day
in peace away from your dad.
Yeah, I remember.
So how was it?
Your first day without your father?
On the coast of the deserted island,
he'd washed ashore.
He had passed away.
You must've been terrified.
No.
I was sad.
Ki-ho.
How did you get here?
Father.
You haven't changed at all.
You betrayed me the same way 15 years ago.
And you're doing it again?
You haven't changed either.
Are you going to beat me again?
Because I have a reason to!
My own son stabbed me in the back,
so how can I let him go?
What kind of father would do that?
After all I did…
to take care of you all!
How could you?
Die, you bastard!
You son of a bitch!
Since my father's life
was so unfortunate,
I was sad.
What was so unfortunate?
He tormented you so much.
When he was in middle school,
he lost his parents.
And at 20, he began working
on a fishing boat.
With money he saved
after ten years on the boat,
he opened his own restaurant.
But he always got into fights
with customers who didn't want to pay
and got beat up.
All he could rely on was alcohol.
And alcohol
stoked his anger.
And he took his anger
out on you.
So…
when I saw he had passed away,
I cried my eyes out.
"Poor him."
"He lived
such a sad life."
"He should've lived a happier life."
"Why did he have to live
such a life and torment me?"
"Why did he have to
take out his anger…
all on me?"
I wanted to take back
my family who abandoned me,
so I've kept this house the whole time!
To leave you all insurance money,
I invested all my paychecks into it!
You should've lived a happier life.
You should've forgotten
about this ungrateful bastard who left you
and lived a good life!
Look at yourself.
Why are you living like this?
You all must be happy.
You must be so happy that you pity me.
Am I right?
That's right.
We're happy. So please!
Forget about us and live your life.
I can't do that.
I've finally found you.
If you ever come near us,
I'll call the cops.
For what?
I'm just a father looking for his family!
Because I have a reason to!
My own son stabbed me in the back,
so how can I let him go?
But that's not all.
For the past 15 years…
I've collected evidence
of your physical and verbal abuse.
I've installed CCTV cameras
inside and outside our house.
So don't come.
The moment you come near our house,
I'll take all this evidence…
and go straight to the police station.
How dare you, Ki-ho?
You bastard!
I didn't let you hit me
because I was weak.
I just needed evidence.
It was you at Seoul Station, wasn't it?
The one who ran off with Mok-ha.
You better stay away from her.
If you don't…
I won't hold back then.
Happy?
How could they be happy?
You heard that, right?
No need to reach 20 million anymore.
Forget about the shares too.
Wait.
Are you really going to give up like this?
Doesn't it feel like such a waste?
Isn't it unfair? Don't you feel upset?
So you do understand.
When you said you were giving up,
that's exactly how I felt.
A long time ago,
there was someone like you.
He was too old to debut,
and his weaknesses
were far greater than his strengths.
But he was talented,
so I bet my all on him.
Why do you want to give up now?
You've already spent
too much money on me.
He was kind just like you.
That's why you need to keep trying!
Don't you know that if you give up here,
that money really will go to waste?
He was weak just like you.
So I'm going to give up first
this time around.
I'm not weak, Ran-joo.
I mean…
If you give up,
making it this far because of you
would be for nothing.
You're my dream.
My role model.
That's the saddest part.
You couldn't dream
to be bigger than me.
Let's stop playing around
and go our separate ways.
Goodbye. I wish you all the best.
-Ran-joo.
-Don't you get it?
I no longer…
Here.
Your mother told me to give you this.
What is this?
I don't know.
The moment we met,
she told me to give it to you.
Goodbye.
Darn it.
Bo-geol.
-Hey, Woo-hak.
-What?
What happened to your face?
Well…
I fell down some stairs.
I drank a bit too much.
Alcohol? But you never drink.
I had dinner with my colleagues.
A damn company dinner.
Can you give me a ride?
Ran-joo cut ties with you, didn't she?
She will soon.
She'd adore and dote on you.
Then, she'll suddenly cut ties
and disappear.
That's her specialty.
Hey, look.
You're the deserted island girl, right?
From Heyday Again.
Yes.
-No way! Take our photo!
-You were great.
Let's take a picture. Say cheese.
-Cheese.
-Heart.
-Don't you know what a cheek heart is?
She's from a deserted island,
so I guess not.
Cheek heart.
-Like this.
-All right.
Thank you.
How are they? Let me see.
They don't look that great.
She's not that friendly.
She won't be famous for long.
She's going to hear you.
I know people like her.
-If you take photos like that--
-Excuse me.
Gosh, I feel dizzy.
How much did you drink?
Should I take you to the hospital?
It's not that bad.
I have no control
over my body when I'm drunk.
You're not the type to drink like I do.
Look.
I'm not upset or anything.
I just don't understand.
You were all smiles
when you first approached me.
What?
Isn't that Mok-ha?
-What?
-But when you were leaving,
why would you bad-mouth me
in such a mean way?
Why act differently and make it confusing?
What's her deal?
We shouldn't have taken the photo.
It's because this is the way
you treated your fans. Okay?
What's the problem?
Well…
Well, you see…
It's not really a problem.
It's not a problem.
-Let's go.
-Where are you going?
-We're late. Don't just stand there.
-Right. We're late.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
Oh my gosh!
Goodness. What happened to your face?
What happened?
I drank too much
and fell down the stairs.
What?
Goodness!
Are you serious?
Yes. I'm dizzy.
She was absolute garbage.
People like that should never be famous.
Post it anonymously.
Yeah, let's do it for real.
I should expose how nasty she is
so she comes crashing down.
-Was her name Seo Mok-ha?
-Yes.
Cover our faces with stickers.
-Right.
-Why would you cover them?
Who do you think--
Who are you?
Why hide and be scared
to expose her nastiness?
You should reveal your name and face
so I can do the same when I comment.
"I was passing by and witnessed it all."
"They demanded a selfie
but were offended she didn't smile enough,
so they uploaded this."
Let's just go.
I was going to post it online,
but I didn't.
And I won't. Happy?
Then, delete it.
There.
Empty the trash can too.
That was fast.
-There.
-Okay.
Have a good night.
Just how much did you drink
to hurt yourself like this?
A bottle of soju?
What was that?
Lousy.
Quit acting.
Who hit you?
By any chance,
did Mr. Jung hit you?
What?
Is that true? Did you go see him?
Are you crazy?
Why would you go see that man?
I went to him
and let him hit me on purpose
for evidence.
Are you planning
to use that to report him?
No, I just warned him.
I told him
if he ever came here,
I'd hand this straight to the police.
What if he says, "Be my guest."
"I'll do what I want."
Reputation is important to our father.
He'd never let himself become a criminal.
I'd say he's more than capable.
He's not like that.
I know him well.
You and your memory.
You'll trust that flimsy memory
of yours and sit back?
Don't worry.
If I'm wrong…
I'll take responsibility.
"Responsibility"? How?
That's enough.
He's hurt.
Just let it go for today.
Please. Okay?
Ki-ho.
I'm not too confident.
I said I'd take responsibility.
But I'm not sure I can, Mok-ha.
If I see my father again…
I'm afraid…
of what I'll do…
to him.
Don't worry.
You'll never
see him again.
Nothing will happen.
But…
But what if--
There are no what-ifs.
Never.
It won't ever happen.
You went through…
so much today.
Now,
it's all over.
It's okay.
Really.
Those words Mok-ha said
weren't of comfort.
They were words of resolve,
but I realized it too late.
CONSOLATION VS. RESOLUTION
Ran-joo.
Mom.
Do you recognize me?
Of course, I do.
You're Yoon Ran-joo, my daughter.
Mom.
Hey, Mom.
How did the concert go?
Concert?
Right.
It went well.
All the tickets were sold out.
I knew it.
I really need to make it
to your next concert.
All right.
I'll tell them to save a VIP seat.
So take care of yourself, okay?
Okay.
Don't let
President Lee find out about it.
What?
Find out about what?
What you just said.
What shouldn't he find out?
What did I say?
FOUR SEASON NURSING HOME
I'll take those, Ran-joo.
I hope you weren't busy when I called.
I came because I was done.
I'm sorry about this.
It's not like I can pay you
for working overtime.
Give me the guitar.
Where should I take you?
To President Lee's house.
Okay.
I told Mo-rae
to be careful or she could end up like me.
And guess what she said.
That was harsh.
She was offended by what I said.
Unbelievable.
I was the one who picked her.
She shouldn't have said that.
"That ungrateful brat."
That's what I told myself.
But on second thought, she's right.
That's why she succeeded.
Because she was an ingrate.
Mok-ha needs to be like her.
That's the only way she'll succeed.
Come on. What are you talking about?
Don't be absurd.
If she continues
to put others before herself…
she'll end up like you.
I'll take them.
Thanks, Yong-gwan.
Have a good night.
Let's go.
Excuse us.
Excuse me.
I'll keep the door open,
so take your time.
This is my album.
Could you please give it a listen?
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Look at this.
He wrote the music and lyrics himself.
Someone like him…
There's a reason why
he still hasn't made it.
He just never had a good producer.
Let me produce his music.
His marketability is
much lower than Mo-rae's.
But he's talented.
This industry's about business, not art.
Fine then.
I'll just pay for his album.
When I just see you smile
My heart skips a beat
Even when I sit by the window
And feel the wind
I think of you
If I said that I liked you
I was afraid it wouldn't seem serious
If I said that I loved you
I was afraid it would cross the line
So I just take one step…
-Eun Mo-rae!
I'm sorry.
I'm no longer sure of myself.
Good thinking.
Then, are you interested
-in becoming a manager?
-President Lee.
I am.
Thank you, sir.
Did you mean what you said over the phone?
About terminating your contract?
Yes.
Then, can I tell the legal team
to prepare a termination form?
Yes.
You're more interested in the contract,
while Maru is more interested
in greeting me.
Did something happen?
No.
SUGAR AGENCY HWANG BYUNG-GAK
RJ ENTERTAINMENT LEE SEO-JUN
ARTIST 2
It's Ms. Seo.
Pick it up.
Hello, Ms. Seo.
Hello, sir.
Well…
About your offer from last time…
Is it still valid?
Yes, it's still valid.
What should I apply on you?
Let's go with some cream.
Goodness.
It smells so nice.
Once you debut,
you'll need an everyday skincare routine.
Everything's high definition now,
so you need to care
for your skin like your voice.
Okay.
Gosh, you're so pretty.
You have such gentle hands.
I'm good, aren't I?
Yes.
How pretty.
It feels so moist.
I'm sorry I didn't prepare much.
Don't be ridiculous.
This is more than enough.
In my prime, I used to have
this same meal minus the kimchi.
A low-sodium diet.
Ran-joo?
Hey, what brings you here?
I can't let my parents see me like this.
Let's have breakfast together.
Sure.
Their dumpling soup is really good.
-I had to wait in line for almost an hour.
-For an hour?
Jeez, it'll all end up as poop anyway.
Why did you waste
all that money and time on this?
Don't ruin my appetite by saying that.
Let's see.
Gosh, this is huge.
Goodness.
Right, spoons.
Where's Bo-geol?
He left early this morning.
He's so busy these days
that I barely get to see him.
-Honey.
-Yes?
Starting this week,
I'm learning flower arrangement
at the cultural center.
Flower arrangement?
-Yes.
-All of a sudden?
I've been fond of flowers lately.
Maybe it's like menopause.
I'll eat at the rooftop.
Mok-ha doesn't like eating alone.
Then, tell her to come down
and join us. Okay?
You know what?
I've made up my mind.
Jeez, there he is.
You can do it.
I can do it.
-Do you think it'll be okay?
-Of course.
At least she's not eating alone.
In that uniform, you look
like more of an officer than me.
That's not a compliment.
What's this?
Can you run the fingerprints?
What are you doing?
You know I can't do that.
I heard you're identifying
fingerprints of phishing scammers.
Run these too while you're at it.
I can't do that.
I can't take these kinds of requests.
This is a tip-off, not a request.
A tip-off?
What's the charge?
Identity theft.
Do the police have the CCTV footage
of the car that caught on fire?
Yes, but they won't give it
because they're still investigating.
Look for dashcam footage
from the other parked cars then.
-Yes, sir.
-Okay, bye.
Who's in that building?
Jung Bong-wan is the security guard there.
What did you just say?
Jung Bong-wan
is Ki-ho's father.
Are you saying
the last person my husband met
was Ki-ho's father?
What's wrong?
Did they have bad blood or something?
You see…
He's our friend's father.
He's been giving my husband
a hard time so he can find him.
When was the accident again?
❤️ උපසිරැසි ගැන්වුම Mflix විසින් ❤️
🔥 අලුත්ම Tv Series,Movies බලන්න Mflix එක්ක එකතු වෙන්න 🔥
April 4.
April 4…
JUNG BONG-WAN STAKE-OUT
APRIL 3 TO APRIL 4
MONDAY, APRIL 4, 7 A.M.
SECURITY OFFICE
JEONGSAN BUILDING
April 4.
April 4…
-Sir.
-What?
Is it possible to restore
deleted dashcam footage?
Well, I guess it depends.
Why? You need to restore something?
Yes. How long will it take?
That also depends.
What's inside?
Do you remember that car crash
caused by hornets?
I told you to cover that.
The dashcam could've recorded the culprit.
What? That'd be an exclusive.
Hold on.
I know an excellent data-restoring place.
Found it.
I'd like the legal team
to prepare Ms. Seo's contract.
-And Ms. Yoon's termination form.
-Yes, sir.
And the list of the artists
who'll perform at the showcase?
It'll be done by the end of this week.
I want all the team managers
to be there that day.
Many of our investors are attending,
so please prepare thoroughly.
-Yes, sir.
Right. Should I add Ms. Seo to the list?
Yes, please do.
Which composer should we match her with?
Would that be necessary?
There's a lot of unclaimed songs
in our archive.
Let her pick one of them.
Well…
Okay.
He wanted us to prepare thoroughly,
but he wants her to pick
a song from the archive?
What kind of nonsensical command is that?
Aren't all those songs trash?
Of course. They've been rotting
for four or five years now.
That means he doesn't care much about her.
Then, why would he recruit her
when things are so hectic right now?
Welcome. President Lee is waiting for you.
Okay. Thank you.
My high notes still sounding raspy.
How can I make them clear?
Clear?
Like Seo Mok-ha's voice?
I didn't ask you for an example.
Don't force yourself
to do something you can't.
She has way more lung capacity.
Is it from living on that island?
Excuse me.
If you really want to
sing like her, practice that.
You said you want to hit the high notes.
Don't be ridiculous.
Why would you bring her up
and spoil my honest will
to improve my weakness?
Then, let's try again
with that will of yours.
Okay? Are you ready?
You're early.
Hey.
This was where you had to be?
Yeah. You too?
Thank you for choosing us.
My pleasure.
Let's do our best to help each other grow.
Okay.
Okay. This way.
You declined my offer
in this very spot not too long ago.
So why the change of heart?
Someone told me
that she couldn't trust me
because I was weak.
To show her how strong I am,
I thought I should make
the boldest decision ever.
That's why I made this decision.
The boldest decision ever?
I see.
I like it.
Our agency's songs are in this archive.
Once I grant you access,
you can open them on your phone.
Did you download the app?
Yes.
What do you want as your username?
Well…
-Can it be in Korean?
-Yes.
Then, I'll go with "Deserted Island."
Deserted Island.
Do you see the list?
Yes, I do.
The composers' usernames
are written under their songs.
You can send arrangements ideas
once you choose a song.
I see. Okay.
Goodness, there are so many.
This is a real treasure chest.
Right. A treasure chest.
Can I listen to all of them
before choosing one?
All of them?
TREE
AN ERASER IN MY HEAD
What is this song?
I love it.
Composed by "Stagnant Water"?
Hello, my name is Seo Mok-ha.
I love your song.
May I sing it at the showcase?
NO
Why not?
BECAUSE YOU'RE OBNOXIOUS
"Obnoxious"?
Obnoxious…
Do you know me?
VERY WELL
What?
Who is this?
Who is it?
They know you and dislike you?
Yes.
You're wrong.
They don't know you.
They can't help but like you
if they knew you.
It's a hater.
You have a hater now.
A hater?
You know.
Losers who are jealous of successful stars
become their haters.
Mok-ha, don't give them the time of day.
Okay? Eat up.
You should pick some other song.
No, I'm totally in love with it.
I'll look for Stagnant Water
or whoever they are at RJ Entertainment.
I'll find them,
and do my best to persuade them.
Send me the song.
I'll give it a listen too.
Really?
Right. Woo-hak,
would you like to listen to it too?
No thanks.
Okay.
Right.
Hey, I need to go first.
Flower arrangement class
is starting early.
Starting early?
I didn't know they did that.
Me neither.
Can you guys clean the table for me?
-Okay. Goodbye.
-Bye.
Bye.
Does that mean he arranged those flowers
instead of buying them?
It's a masterpiece.
Yes.
Maybe we should close our salon
and open a flower shop.
So how do I send the song to you?
Here. I'll do it for you.
Let's see.
Hello.
You're Seo Mok-ha, right?
I loved your performance.
Right.
Thank you.
I heard you survived
on a deserted island for 15 years.
You're my role model.
Me?
Yes.
I've been a trainee here
for the past decade.
One day, I'll be able to
debut just like you, right?
Well…
Of course.
Goodness.
-Thank you.
-Bye.
What are you doing here?
Well, I'm looking for someone.
Kids like them are just hopeless.
You see a lot of trainees
like them in this industry.
They confuse false hope with tenacity
and think holding out is the best thing.
In this business, moderate talent
is pretty much a disaster.
Disaster, my foot.
It's true.
They're not just wasting their own time.
They're wasting the time
and money others invest in them.
Then, they end up regretting it.
They think,
"Giving up requires courage too."
Are you trying to tell me something?
Those are just your insecurities.
And as for you,
your life's working out
just as you planned.
Hold on.
Is that a compliment
or are you just jealous?
-What?
-If you're ridiculing me for succeeding,
does that mean you're jealous?
I'll be on my way now.
This is why I don't like you.
You're so obnoxious.
Don't tell me you're--
That's right.
I'm Stagnant Water.
And I'll never give you my song.
Goodness.
I'm sorry!
Too late.
A long time ago,
there was someone like you.
He was kind just like you.
He was weak just like you.
He was too old to debut.
Judging by your words,
it looks like your life
has always worked out
the way you wanted it to.
WITH A SMALL BAG ON MY SHOULDER
DOWN WINDING ROADS AND UP STEEP HILLS
WHEN IT GETS DARK
YOU SHINE OVER ME AS YOU FOLLOW
Mok-ha, let's have breakfast.
Hello.
What brings you all the way here?
Do you remember me?
Of course, Producer Kang Bo-geol.
No, we met much before that.
It was a snowy day.
A snowy day?
Yes.
If this girl ever visits you one day,
please call out her name.
Seo Mok-ha.
Don't tell me…
Are you Jung Ki-ho?
I am.
Thank you for doing me that favor.
I should've thanked you sooner.
Goodness. How is this--
Does Mok-ha know?
Yes, she found out recently.
My goodness.
It's shameless,
but I came to ask you for another favor.
Go to your left,
and I'll do the same. Okay?
Your lyrics are terrible.
What?
So…
I changed them
to something a little better.
If you like the new lyrics,
please allow me to sing your song.
Hey.
Come to your senses already.
That archive is like a trash can.
It's the gutter where songs go
when other artists reject them.
Picking a song from there
means you're nothing special.
All of us…
We're all worthless! Okay?
Couldn't you have picked that up
before I had to say that to you?
I meant it when I said
giving up required courage.
I said that for your sake--
Giving up
requires courage too?
If that was the case…
then I wouldn't be here right now.
I would've been long dead by now.
What if you're still a nobody
after ten years?
Wouldn't you regret it?
Well…
I'll probably regret it a little.
But I'd regret it even more
if I never even try.
At least for ten years,
I'd be doing what I love the most.
So…
if you truly do care about me,
then please give it a listen.
Aren't you afraid of failing?
Come on.
They say failure is the mother of success.
I'll just take it as learning
a lesson from another mother
and move on.
You must have several mothers.
Is that a yes?
Does this mean I can sing your song?
Whatever.
Do as you please.
I don't care anymore.
Thank you, Yong-gwan!
That little…
Seeing you here again makes me nostalgic.
I hope you don't get the wrong idea.
I didn't come here
so we could rekindle things.
I'm still your artist
until the contract ends.
I want to enjoy the perks
while I have them.
Can I have some wine?
Sure.
Right. When is the showcase?
Next Friday.
That's about ten days from now.
Did you take a look
at the termination form?
Yes, but can I sign it after the showcase?
After the showcase?
I want to add a few terms to the form.
Sure. That's fine.
It's slow and boring.
What did you say?
I haven't even started
and you discourage me?
Of course.
I gave it a listen,
and this version has no chance.
You'll lose them from the start.
Really?
So I arranged the song.
Who arranged it? You?
I'm a music show producer.
Look at you.
I sped it up a bit to medium tempo.
I see.
I made this verse sound a bit dreamlike.
As for the chorus…
As for the chorus, I added
some strong bass and snare drums
to make it sound more upbeat.
What do you think?
This is easy to explain
since you produce a music show.
If the one who arranged the song
explained it to her in person,
Mok-ha would love it even more.
No.
Then, she'll put me first again
and go on about 20 million albums.
You don't want that either.
Just say that you arranged it.
Okay.
What is a vocal chop?
It's when you use
someone's voice as an instrument.
The first two bars are vocal chops.
Then, you start on three. Okay?
Okay. I think I get it.
-I'll play the song.
-Okay.
Two, three. Cue.
With a small bag on my shoulder
I walk along with the clouds
I lie with the blue sky as my blanket
And sing with the dancing trees
Even if the clouds in the sky
Start to rain down on me
Who cares?
It doesn't matter
Down winding roads and up steep hills
Wherever it is
I want to walk there
Until the end
I don't need
Any hidden treasures
At my destination
Because they
Are found on the path
I'm walking on right now
I write down my pure feelings
And turn them into a paper boat
I hope it reaches somewhere
And turns that place pure too
Even if the clouds in the sky
Start to blow winds…
What if you're still a nobody
after ten years?
Wouldn't you regret it?
Well… I'll probably regret it a little.
But I'd regret it even more
if I never even try.
At least for ten years,
I'd be doing what I love the most.
Until the end
I don't need
Any hidden treasures
At my destination
Because they
Are found on the path
I'm walking on right now
On every leaf and wild flower
The sunlight shines
On this beautiful street
When it gets dark…
Have you made up your mind?
On what?
The line you wanted to add
to your termination form.
Until the end
I don't need
Any hidden treasures
At my destination
Because they
Are found on the path
Until the end
Riding on rainbows, baby
Above the clouds and over the hills
I'll gift you a magical day
Wouldn't you like to come with me?
Let me produce
Seo Mok-ha's album.
Here's the link
to my showcase performance.
Getting a lot likes is apparently good,
so please like the video.
I already did as soon as…
I see.
There he is.
I'll call you after I ask.
Kang Woo-hak.
The dashcam footage has been restored.
They sent it to your email, so go check.
Yes, sir.
They said it was such a pain
to get this restored.
So? Do you see the culprit?
One minute.
Wait. What is he doing?
Is he breaking into the car?
JEONGSAN BUILDING
Hey.
Let's air this exclusive tonight.
Give me a one-minute report.
-I should report him first.
-What? The exclusive comes first!
Kang Woo-hak! Hey!
Enjoy.
-Thank you.
-My pleasure.
So tell me.
Did you identify the fingerprints?
I did.
But I can't tell you
since it's personal information.
Hey.
I told you this was a tip-off.
I looked into him,
and he had a clean record.
On what grounds
did you think it was identity theft?
They're my son Ki-ho's fingerprints.
What?
Didn't someone else's name pop up?
That can't be--
I couldn't care less
about their information nor do I need it.
If Ki-ho's name didn't show up,
it means he changed his identity.
If you don't catch him…
then I will.
Goodness.
What's wrong with the weather?
It's blazing hot all the time.
Tell me about it.
I wouldn't mind a nice, big shower.
The reservoir is going to
dry up at this rate.
Exactly.
Hold on.
What's that?
What's what?
That white thing underwater.
Don't you see it?
Yeah, I see it too.
What could that be?
It looks like a car.
A car?
Yeah.
So this man broke in
and put the hornets in the car?
Correct. Then, the accident occurred.
Jeez.
If that's true,
then it's bodily injury,
not just a car accident.
It'd be a serious charge.
I heard the victim's still unconscious.
-Officer Min.
-Yes, sir.
Write up a crime report right now.
Yes, sir.
When will you arrest him?
It'll go to the Criminal Affairs Division
so they can investigate first.
It'll take some time.
Hello, ma'am.
Is my flower bouquet ready?
Of course, it is.
Gosh, this one is the prettiest.
How much is it?
That'll be 60,000 won
since you're a regular.
I take cards too.
I prefer cash. Here you go.
Okay.
All right, then.
-Thank you.
-No problem.
Dad.
Hey, Woo-hak.
You said you were learning
flower arrangement.
Have you been buying them?
Yes. You see…
Why did you lie?
Where have you been instead all this time?
Woo-hak.
We need to talk.
Where are you?
I'm almost there.
I'll arrive in four minutes.
Bo-geol.
Remember that dumpling soup
we had last time?
The one you had to wait
in line an hour for.
Is that place still open right now?
Okay. I'll go buy some.
So I was right.
You were living
with them all along, Mok-ha.
Why did you lie to me?
SONMAT DUMPLING SOUP
Don't worry.
You'll never see him again.
Nothing will happen.
You look…
very happy,
Jae-kyung.
Why did you come here?
CASTAWAY DIVA
You must be Chae-ho.
The remains of a family
that had gone missing were found.
You want to produce my album?
I'll decide based on your reply.
Can you cut ties
with Producer Kang's family?
Seo Mok-ha's an accomplice too.
She helped them,
knowing they stole identities.
Can't you see what's going on?
I told you we had to take care
of these things immediately.
Don't feel any pity
or sympathy for him either.
That's what I want as well.
Cut ties with our entire family.
Subtitle translation by: Soo-ji Kim
❤️ උපසිරැසි ගැන්වුම Mflix විසින් ❤️
🔥 අලුත්ම Tv Series,Movies බලන්න Mflix එක්ක එකතු වෙන්න 🔥